{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12140\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I was very involved in this course, and prioritized it over this wintersession instead of taking two classes like I\'92d originally planned. \
\
\'97\
\
The web has become such an integral part of our daily lives that I thought it was important to have a better understanding of it as a medium, and wanted to be able to participate in it first-hand by learning code.\
\
__\
\
\
The course was wonderful. It was clear, well organized, and I feel like I\'92ve learned a tremendous amount about the technical aspects of coding as well as the big ethical/ philosophical/ societal issues surrounding the web and our participation in it. I particularly enjoyed the readings because I felt that is what makes this class stand out as a class about using the web as a design medium, rather than just a coding class.\
\
A few comments I do have about things that (in my opinion) could be improved or didn\'92t work as well:\
\
1. The presentations \'97 I felt that most of the presentation topics were not.. particularly interesting? I think we are such web natives that we don\'92t really need a whole presentation about specific buttons on the web, etc. To me, presentations about artists (designers, etc.) who use the web as their primary medium would be much more interesting. I think it would allow each student to share what they are interested in, and would allow us as a group to discover the wide range of web work. I think this would make the presentation section of the class more engaging.\
\
2. The \'91graphic design on the web\'92 week. I thought this was a little less compelling and maybe not specific enough to web design. I would have liked to have an intro to \'93ux/ui\'94 and the specifics of designing for the web (how to think about design that can be interacted with, etc.) rather than a general intro to the principles of graphic design.\
\
3. I found the \'93time\'94 assignment (#3) to be overwhelming in its scope \'97 the concept was really interesting, but there were so many requirements (multi-page, etc.) that I felt really panicked about it. This was the week we were learning javascript, which I found was the most challenging to learn, and I think a simpler assignment that focuses on integrating javascript would be more beneficial. I felt pairing such a conceptual & technical challenge was paralyzing. (Just to say, I did like the assignment a lot, but it felt like too much for the specific timeframe :))\
\
__\
\
Room 409 (where we had our small group class) was great, but I felt that room 212 (where we met as a large group for lectures) was ill-equipped to serve as a web-design classroom. There are very few outlets in the room and, since all the students need to be on their laptops, this just doesn\'92t work. I think outlets need to be added on every row for this class to really work as a web design class.\
\
___\
\
Marie was wonderful! She was clear, extremely knowledgeable, and I think that her interest in web as a medium in her own work is what made this class stand out. I\'92ve tried to learn to code before but only got so far, and I credit Marie\'92s capacity to explain the underlying concepts behind coding (how to think like a computer) and the perspective on web design that she holds and shared via readings & discussions, with making the difference for me. I have used the web for much of my life, but I feel a renewed interest in it as both a topic and a medium, so I really appreciated this aspect of the course.\
\
____\
\
Marie was so clear and her slides were wonderful resources. Her capacity to explain the processes involved in the web and her command of the subject matter was such that she made concepts that would otherwise feel complex and overwhelming seem manageable and less daunting. As I mentioned before, I\'92ve tried to learn code before, and most programs & teachers I\'92ve worked with did not connect the dots in such a clear way \'97 Marie taught us how to think about code and not just how to input code. \
\
___\
\
Classes were very well organized and you could tell Marie knew what she was doing. She provided us with a  great number of resources that were truly valuable and that I will continue to refer to.\
\
___\
\
Like I said before, I think Marie\'92s own enthusiasm and interest in the questions were a really important aspect of the course and what I got out of it. I thought her selection of readings did a great job of offering different perspectives about the web, all of which are really worth considering since we live in such a web-heavy time & culture. I felt a renewed interest in the web largely due to the critical thinking Marie encouraged via the readings and assignment (specifically assignment 2.)\
\
One thing I will say is that there were a lot of freshmen in the class, and they seemed a bit more shy or less participative (though I think everyone did participate!) and I wonder if assigning 3-4 people each week to bring questions to class to discuss as a group would be beneficial (rather than just posting them on slack.) Since we are doing the work of writing responses on slack, there may be a way to connect these more, either by have half the class post comments and half the class respond each week, or having in-class discussions based on what we wrote..? Just a thought, but overall I thought everyone was participative and it was a fun group to be a part of. \
\
__\
\
Same answer as previous question.\
\
___\
\
Marie was very available to help us with our coding issues and really supportive of our development week to week. \
\
___\
\
Marie was great! I\'92m so glad I got to learn web from her and truly think RISD should invest in her and hire her to teach web classes after she graduates :) }